TRBo: Turtle RescueBot
By Jason Justian
Play Guide

TLDR:

* When you find a turtle, it will follow you. Lead it to the
  surface and aboard your Safecraft for 100 points.

* A terminal will reveal the lair. 250 points.

* Dig a hole by moving in a direction and pressing the fire
  button. This will cost one of your gears.

* Patrols will fire at you. Don't let them see you. Getting
  hit with a beam will take one gear.

* You may find gears in the lair. These add one gear, up to
  a maximum of 8. 25 points.
  
* Once all the turtles in the lair are rescued or killed,
  you advance to the next lair by boarding your craft.
  
* Your mission is over when your last gear has been lost.
  
----------------------------------------------------------------

MORE INFO:

Baby Turtles have been kidnapped! And your boss, Agent Anzu,
has assigned you, TRBo, to rescue as many as possible.

Why have they been kidnapped? What nefarious plot is afoot?
Such questions are way beyond your pay grade, my friend.

Use the joystick to explore the underground lairs where the
baby turtles are being held. If you encounter a turtle,
it will follow you around. As you find more turtles, they
will follow behind you in a turtle chain.

Your task is to lead the turtles to your Safecraft on the
surface. Enter the craft, and the turtles in your chain
will board the craft in turn, each one earning you 100
points, or credits, or whatever motivates heroic robots.

You do not know the floorplan of the maze going in. You
must explore it. Each lair (at least for a while) contains
one computer terminal. If you find the terminal, it will give
you the floorplan of the entire lair, as well as the locations
of the baby turtles and gears.

You start the game in good condition, with eight gears. Each
gear you find in the lair is worth 25 points. You cannot have
more than eight gears at any time.

You can expend one of these gears to dig a hole in the lair,
which you may travel through. To dig, push the fire button
while moving the joystick in the direction you want to dig. You
can dig if you have more than one gear.

TIP: Pay attention to where the ladders are at the surface. 
If there are no ladders near your craft, you may have to dig
an escape route early.

Seems easy so far!

However, somebody took these turtles for a reason, at great
expense, and so there are patrols to guard them. These patrols
are equipped with a powerful beam that can damage you. If you
enter a patrol's line of sight, it can hit you from across any
room. If there's a poor turtle standing in the way, it'll
get hit instead of you, and turtles aren't very hardy.

The patrols will usually just hang around turtles to guard them.
But once they're alterted to your presence, they'll become
hunters, and they'll shoot any turtle they see. So stay out of
sight! If you find a terminal while the patrols are hunters,
the terminal will cancel the alert and the patrols will forget
that they saw you.

TIP: Patrols cannot move through holes you dig, until you
lead a turtle through that hole. Once the patrols see a
turtle move through the hole, it becomes fair game!

Once all of the turtles in the lair are either rescued or
killed, board your craft to advance to the next lair. You'll
get a bonus of 50 points for each remaining gear.

TIP: There are way more turtles around than gears. Even though
your duty is to rescue these turtles, sometimes they make pretty
good shields.

The game is over when you run out of gears.
